I see when you can install it.
Okay, raise your hand if you support the second child's night is like a dragon
I support
Support Ye Rulong
Number of votes to be elected chairperson of the Night Market Group
Unanimously approved
Ye Tianse, what did you just say?
Choice can send night market stock prices tumbling
Let the shareholders suffer losses, right?
I Zhang
The ownership ratio of the Ye family's stock is the highest
Hey, let me see if you lose one, okay?
Notify to execute the acquisition machine
Within 10 minutes
I want to become the largest stock in the night market group
So here we go.
A small security guard
A gift for everyone here
Hope you like it.
pretend
Do you want to do an empty night market stock?
The first imperial court became the largest night market
What do shareholders think?
But this series of operations
A minimum of 10 billion is required
You are so stupid
Like this kind of talk outside the door
Only those
A little security guard who has never seen the world
To say it
You sound like a layman.
I guess I don't even understand the k-line diagram
Hey
Did you know that buying stocks requires technical analysis?
This kind of subordinate who actually appeared in the richest man in the building
What a family tragedy
It is the sadness of the entire consortium
Hahahaha
Hello
What!